
1. requirement >> we collect requirement from client

2. developers will start developing the feature

3. at the same time, QA is identifying Test Scenarios and Test Cases

4. Once the feature is ready, qa team will start testing the feature

5. if there are no defects, then qa team will approve that feature

6. If there are defects identified, qa team will raise defects and inform the manager and developers

7. Again developers will work to fix that defect, once fixed, he will move to QA plate

8. QA Team will test the defect, if working fine, it will be closed 

Requirement:

Calculator Application

1. Addition

2. Subtraction

3. Multiplication

4. Division 10 days for one feature Approach1: 

Approach2: V Model:

Retesting: testing that the defect is fixed and working as expected

Regression Testing : making sure that the new changes have not impacted the existing working code Smoke: is to check the stability of the new build

Sanity: is to check the new feature introduced/delivered Funtional Testing - FT

Non Functional Testing - NFT Performance Testing: used for testing the speed, response time, stability, reliability

    load: checks the application behavior under desired loads

    stress: checks the application behavior if we go for extreme workloads  
Compatibility Testing: used to check is the software is capable of running on differenet hardwares, OS, application, network, mobile 

Usability Testing: how easy and user friendly the application is

User Interface Testing: GUI,   

Test Planning:

we create a Test Plan

Test Plan: it is a detailed document describing the test strategy, objectives, schedule, estimation, delverables and resources 
Importance of Test Plan: 

Components of Test Plan:

1. Test Plan Identifier

2. Introduction

3. Features to be tested (In Scope): list down the features to be tested

4. Features not to be tested (Out of Scope): list down the features not to be tested

5. Approach: Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing

6. Entry and Exit Criteria    
 Entry:

    feature to be tested should be ready

    white box and unit testing is completed

    test data should be ready

    necessary resource should be ready     
Exit:

    When all test cases are executed

    Most of the test cases are passed

    there should be no major or blocker bugs, some minor bugs may exist 
7. Test Deliverables: 

    Test Plan

    Test Cases

    Test Scenarios

    RTM Requirement Tracebility Matrix

    Defect Report

    Test Execution Report

    Graphs and Metrics

    Release Notes 
8. Environment Details 

9. Responsibilities

    Test Manager

    Test Lead

    Senior Test Engineer

    Junior Test Engineer

    Freshers 
10. Staffing and Training 

11. Schedule

12. Risks and Mitigation

13. Approvals   



 

Defects:

Defect is a variation or deviation of the application from the original business requirements

Defect is an error in coding which causes incorrect or unexpected results 

Defect Template:

    Defect_ID: a unique id for the defect

    Description: a short description about the defect

    Version: when the defect was identified, in which version

    Steps: detailed steps using which developer can reproduce the defect, also attach screenshots

    Date Raised: when the defect was raised

    Detected By: name of the tester who has identified the defect

    Status: Status of the defect

    Fixed By/Assignee: who is working on the defect

    Date Closed:

    Severity:

    Priority: 

Priority: is defined as when the defect should be fixed

    low medium high

Severity: degree of impact,  the defect has on the application

    critical major minor cosmetic moderate 

Patient 1: can die in 5 hours if no treatment given

Patient 2: can die in 2 hours if no treatment given 

Defect Life Cycle:

New: when a new defect is logged for the first time

Assigned: defect is assigned to a developer to work on it

Open: developer has started working on the defect

Fixed: required code changes are done by the developer

Pending Retest/RFQA: defect is fixed and ready for test

Retest: means the tester is re testing the defect



